[Music]
20 secret iPhone tricks you should try
if you are a lucky iPhone owner you will
most definitely say it's not just a
phone it is your best friend it helps
you wake up in the morning knows all
your favorite songs takes the best
pictures gives you access to all the
social networks and navigates you to
wherever you want to go do you think you
know your iPhone very well and it can
hardly surprise you with new features we
have news for you it totally can here's
a list of the most incredible iPhone
tricks Apple doesn't talk about did you
know how to improve Wi-Fi speed on your
iPhone in just one click well we're
going to reveal it in this video one
setting the sleep timer if you ever fell
asleep with your favorite playlist or
podcast on you know how weird it can get
say goodbye to interrupted sleeping and
bad dreams with the amazing sleep timer
feature simply open the clock app and
set the timer for how long you want the
music to play then tap the button
labeled 20 Murr ends and instead of
selecting ringtones that can be played
scroll to the bottom to choose the stop
playing option now you can just go to
bed your phone will do the rest of the
work for you
to creating a custom vibration by
default your iPhone uses standard
vibration pulses for a text message
however you can easily create your own
vibration patterns launch the Settings
app on your iPhone then tap on sounds
and select an alert type in the sounds
and vibrations list tap vibration create
new vibration start recording and tap
the center of the screen in the sequence
you want the vibration to be once you're
done stop recording and save your
pattern it will be stored in the
vibrations section ringtone menu among
the list of custom patterns also you can
set a custom vibration for all the
contacts in your phonebook how cool is
that
3 clearing your iPhones ramp if your
iPhone is getting too slow there is a
simple trick to bring it back to its
normal speed in no time just clear it's
a random access memory to do this you
should follow these simple steps press
and hold the sleep/wake button until you
see the slide to power off message after
that release the sleep/wake button and
press and hold the home button
in a couple of seconds your iPhone
screen will flicker a bit and will
return to the home screen your iPhone or
iPads Ram will be cleared out leaving
your device noticeably quicker for
iMessage timestamps if you want to see
the exact time when some message was
sent follow these simple steps open the
messages app tap on the message thread
that you'd like to view a particular
timestamp for slide your finger from
right to left now you can see the
timestamps for each message
five enabling text message character
count good news for all math lovers out
there you can turn on character counting
on your iPhone so you know how many
characters each text message is before
you send it tap the Settings icon and
scroll to the messages option in the
messages section tap the button to the
right of character count to turn it on
tada
as soon as you start typing your text
message the character count will display
[Music]
six recording a video while the screen
is locked ever wanted to feel like a
real spy it turns out your iPhone can
give you a sense of it with a secret
recording mode if you don't want other
people to notice you recording a video
or taking pictures perform the following
steps
make sure your iPhone is locked press
the shutter button slide the bottom
right camera icon halfway up and don't
let go
keeping your finger on the camera slider
mode still half way up slide the camera
mode to video double press the home
button three times
keep your fingers still halfway on the
slider until the iPhone turns off its
screen remember your iPhone is already
recording a video if you want to end the
recording simply unlock the iPhone as
usual 7 rewinding audio and video tracks
you can make the audio video scrubbing
speed faster or slower by simply moving
the slider the yellow area is used for
quick scrubbing if you move your finger
to the red area you'll get to half speed
scrubbing
the green area is even slower now that's
a useful feature eight dialling an
extension
if you want to dial an extension dial
the main number you're calling first
then hold down the star button until a
comma appears finally enter the
extension number after the comma and
press the call button using this feature
means no more problems with making calls
to all those large companies and public
offices nine blocking ads in iPhone iPad
games do you get annoyed by those ads
when you play games or use apps on your
iPhone or iPad if so here's an easy way
to block disable the mobile ads on your
device for free simply put your phone
into airplane mode to temporarily turn
off the phone's radios and you'll be
able to play most games without the
annoying ads who'da thought it was so
easy
ten changing the direction of panorama
mode if you're taking panorama shots
with your iPhones you know that annoying
feeling we want the shooting process to
go the other way around but you can't do
it apparently it is super easy to change
the direction of panorama mode in iOS
simply tap the arrow on the screen 11
deleting digits in the calculator after
one of the iPhones most popular basic
apps is calculator there is a smart
trick to play with it too if you made a
mistake in the digit that you type just
swipe your finger to the left or right
of the numbers to clear the last digit
[Music]
12 making an emergency call filling out
the medical ID on your iPhone can save
your life the medical ID section lets
you store all your valuable medical
information so that it's available in a
one tap access in emergencies at the
very least you should fill out the
information regarding your blood type as
well as indicate the medicines you are
allergic to that is something you should
definitely do for your safety
thirteen restoring recently closed
Safari tabs if you accidentally close
the tab on which to reopen one you
recently accessed just press and hold
the plus button at the bottom of the
screen no important tabs should be lost
14 using google maps offline great news
for all jet setters and just everyone
who can't go without a map you can
download the maps for offline use by
typing ok maps into the map search box
fifteen hidden field test out all
iPhones have secret service codes which
you can use to get various information
about the gadget mobile operator and
cellular network for example if you
enter star 3000 one pound one two three
four five pound star you will see a
hidden menu with information on SIM card
network operator signal strength etc 16
improving Wi-Fi speed on an iPhone using
the Wi-Fi assist function you can set up
your phone to automatically switch over
to the cellular connection when the
Wi-Fi signal is 417 spirit level in
addition to the calculator flashlight
and compass your iPhone also has a
hidden spirit level built into it to
reach it open up the compass app and
swipe your finger to the left be careful
it is also catching it can keep you busy
for hours 18 reducing your iPhones
brightness below minimum get even the
lowest screen brightness makes your eyes
feel uncomfortable in the dark use the
following settings open Settings General
accessibility zoom scroll down and turn
on the show controller setting go back
to the previous menu and scroll down to
accessibility shortcut activate the zoom
function check the box
triple click the home button and tap on
the circular controller to bring it up
set this slider to the minimum value and
tap on choose filter select low-light
and hide the controller 19 disabling
Apple connect tabs in Apple music Apple
music has opened a whole new world to
all music lovers but the extra tabs
which appear when you open the app make
the interaction with the program a
complicated experience however you can
easily disable unnecessary tabs by
performing some simple operations head
to settings and scroll down to music set
show Apple music slider to off go to
Settings General restrictions and enter
your password
turn off Apple music 20 restarting your
iPhone this final secret feature for now
will be useful to all iPhone fans if
your phone gets frozen or refuses to
work from time to time give it a little
rest to do this press and hold down the
on/off switch and the home button
simultaneously until the screen turns
off it can take up to 10 seconds once
you're done your iphone will reboot and
you'll see the Apple logo however you
should remember that resetting your
iPhone with this force reboot method is
an extreme measure don't use it too
often enjoy your iPhone experience and
don't forget to hit the like button
below the video if you found this video
useful subscribe to our channel for more
amazing updates